Java binding demo (#63)
Picovoice/cheetah: demo/java/README.md

# Cheetah Speech-to-Text Demos

Made in Vancouver, Canada by [Picovoice](https://picovoice.ai)

## Cheetah

Cheetah is an on-device streaming speech-to-text engine. Cheetah is:

- Private; All voice processing runs locally.
- Accurate [[1]](https://github.com/Picovoice/speech-to-text-benchmark#results)

> - Compact and Computationally-Efficient [[1]](https://github.com/Picovoice/speech-to-text-benchmark#results)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compact and Computationally-Efficient [[2]](https://github.com/Picovoice/speech-to-text-benchmark#rtf)
```
